Document new standalone options for PerfTool (#988)
eclipse-openj9/openj9-docs: docs/xjit.md

| [`optlevel`      ](#optlevel      ) | Forces the JIT compiler to compile all methods at a specific optimization level.        |
| [`verbose`       ](#verbose       ) | Reports information about the JIT and AOT compiler configuration and method compilation.|
| [`vlog`          ](#vlog          ) | Sends verbose output to a file.                                                         |

> | [`perfTool`          ](#perftool          ) | Generates `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file for JIT compiled code for profiling the VM.                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`perfTool`          ](#perftool          ) | Generates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file to facilitate JIT compiled code symbol resolution when profiling the VM using `perf` on Linux.                                                         |
```
Also maybe it's worth removing all the extra whitespace.

Author: I have removed some whitespaces but retained some to maintain the readability in the markdown as is the practice.

I have also made the sentence shorter to make it consistent with the other description in this table.

        java '-Xjit:verbose={compileStart|compileEnd|inlining}' -version

### `vlog`
        -Xjit:vlog=<vlog_filename>

: Sends verbose output to a file, of the format `<vlog_filename>.<date>.<time>.<JVM_process_ID>`, which is created in your current directory. Running the command multiple times produces multiple distinct versions of this file. If you do not specify this parameter, the output is sent to the standard error output stream (STDERR). This type of log file can be used with the [`limitFile`](#limitfile) suboption to target the compilation of specific methods.

### `perfTool`

        -Xjit:perfTool

> : generates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file for JIT compiled code. This file is used by the Linux&reg; system profiler, `perf`, to map the JIT-compiled method symbols to the corresponding Java method addresses for profiling the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: generates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file for JIT compiled code. This file is used by the Linux&reg; system profiler, `perf`, to map the samples in JIT-compiled code to the corresponding Java method names for profiling the VM.
```
